README.md, before:


# PiWars21_crashBot / Team Cortex


Group Repo for the College PiWars entry

project board: https://github.com/orgs/calderdigihub/projects/2

Discussion board: https://github.com/calderdigihub/PiWars21_crashBot/discussions

Issues list: https://github.com/calderdigihub/PiWars21_crashBot/issues

## Introduction

Pi Wars is a non-destructive Raspberry Pi robotics competition with both autonomous and remote-controlled challenges. It takes place over one weekend and features teams of school students, family members and hobbyists as well as solo roboteers. The event is open to anyone on planet Earth!

You design a robot controlled by a Raspberry Pi that competes to complete a series of challenges.

It's normally held over one weekend at the University of Cambridge but due to COVID the competition has been changed around for entrants to complete at home.

## Important dates

* ~~Saturday 23rd & Sunday 24th January 2021 – Pi Wars at Home Conference~~

* Friday, 18th June 2021 – videos for technical and artistic merit must be submitted before or on this date.

* **Thursday, 24th June 2021 – videos of challenge runs to be submitted before or on this date.**

* Friday, 25th June to Thursday, 8th July – Judging takes place

* Friday, 2nd July 2021 – all blogging must be complete by this date.

* Saturday, 10th July 2021 – Competition broadcast and results day for Young Teams.

* Sunday, 11th July 2021 – Competition broadcast and results day for Beginner, Intermediate and Advanced teams.


## The Rules

Basically...robot must be controlled by a Raspberry Pi, be no bigger than a sheet of A4 (extension allowed for challenge specific addon), be legal and most importantly....be safe and not on fire.

However...read the rules below:

https://piwars.org/2021-vpw/general-rules/

## The challenges

* Feed the Fish – protect your pets’ well-being with this shooting/pushing/rolling challenge.
* Tidy Up the Toys – prevent trip hazards in this game of object recognition and manipulation.
* Up the Garden Path – navigate your way around the arena using a choice of methods.
* DIY Obstacle Course – create your own obstacle course to show off your robot and your driving flair!
* Technical and Artistic Merit – create a video to show off your robot’s features and design quality.

https://github.com/calderdigihub/PiWars21_crashBot/tree/main/Challenges

https://piwars.org/2021-vpw/challenges/

## Other Teams in the Area:

* **Stonk (Bradford Grammar School)**
* **Leeds Raspberry Jam** (blog: https://piwars.leedsraspjam.co.uk/)


## Links to other sites of interest:

PiWars Youtube Channel:

  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOskJmPghR3fo3jJnWpT-cQ

Interesting info for Power:

 http://adventures-with-pi.blogspot.com/
 https://github.com/Footleg/PiWars2019

https://piwars.org/help-tips/

# How we will work

All work will primarily be managed via this repository.

Now you have access please fork the repository into your own account and do all your *local* development there.

Once you have completed your task then create a pull request to have it merged into the main repository.

Commit message:

Adding link for Shetland Attack Pony: Mobile
Shetland Attack Pony: Mobile developed by Phil Underood at https://github.com/furbrain/ArgyllOtter

README.md, after:


# PiWars21_crashBot / Team Cortex


Group Repo for the College PiWars entry

project board: https://github.com/orgs/calderdigihub/projects/2

Discussion board: https://github.com/calderdigihub/PiWars21_crashBot/discussions

Issues list: https://github.com/calderdigihub/PiWars21_crashBot/issues

## Introduction

Pi Wars is a non-destructive Raspberry Pi robotics competition with both autonomous and remote-controlled challenges. It takes place over one weekend and features teams of school students, family members and hobbyists as well as solo roboteers. The event is open to anyone on planet Earth!

You design a robot controlled by a Raspberry Pi that competes to complete a series of challenges.

It's normally held over one weekend at the University of Cambridge but due to COVID the competition has been changed around for entrants to complete at home.

## Important dates

* ~~Saturday 23rd & Sunday 24th January 2021 – Pi Wars at Home Conference~~

* Friday, 18th June 2021 – videos for technical and artistic merit must be submitted before or on this date.

* **Thursday, 24th June 2021 – videos of challenge runs to be submitted before or on this date.**

* Friday, 25th June to Thursday, 8th July – Judging takes place

* Friday, 2nd July 2021 – all blogging must be complete by this date.

* Saturday, 10th July 2021 – Competition broadcast and results day for Young Teams.

* Sunday, 11th July 2021 – Competition broadcast and results day for Beginner, Intermediate and Advanced teams.


## The Rules

Basically...robot must be controlled by a Raspberry Pi, be no bigger than a sheet of A4 (extension allowed for challenge specific addon), be legal and most importantly....be safe and not on fire.

However...read the rules below:

https://piwars.org/2021-vpw/general-rules/

## The challenges

* Feed the Fish – protect your pets’ well-being with this shooting/pushing/rolling challenge.
* Tidy Up the Toys – prevent trip hazards in this game of object recognition and manipulation.
* Up the Garden Path – navigate your way around the arena using a choice of methods.
* DIY Obstacle Course – create your own obstacle course to show off your robot and your driving flair!
* Technical and Artistic Merit – create a video to show off your robot’s features and design quality.

https://github.com/calderdigihub/PiWars21_crashBot/tree/main/Challenges

https://piwars.org/2021-vpw/challenges/

## Other Teams in the Area:

* **Stonk (Bradford Grammar School)**
* **Leeds Raspberry Jam** (blog: https://piwars.leedsraspjam.co.uk/)


## Links to other sites of interest:

PiWars Youtube Channel:

  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOskJmPghR3fo3jJnWpT-cQ

Interesting info for Power:

 http://adventures-with-pi.blogspot.com/
 https://github.com/Footleg/PiWars2019

https://piwars.org/help-tips/

Link for Shetland Attack Pony: Mobile code -- nice example of a 3D type simulator

https://github.com/furbrain/ArgyllOtter

# How we will work

All work will primarily be managed via this repository.

Now you have access please fork the repository into your own account and do all your *local* development there.

Once you have completed your task then create a pull request to have it merged into the main repository.
